README.md, before:

# Generic Issuer management service
This software is a web server implementing the technical standards as specified in the [Swiss E-ID & Trust Infrastructure technical roadmap](https://github.com/e-id-admin/open-source-community/blob/main/tech-roadmap/tech-roadmap.md). Together with the other generic components provided, this software forms a collection of APIs allowing issuance and verification of verifiable credentials without the need of reimplementing the standards.

The Generic Issuer Management Service is the interface to offer a credential. It should be only accessible from the issuers internal organization.

As with all the generic issuance & verification services it is expected that every issuer and verifier hosts their own instance of the service.

The issuer management service is linked to the issuer signer services through a database, allowing to scale the signer service independently from the management service.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
  issint[\Issuer Business System\]
  isam(Issuer Management Service)
  isdb[(Postgres)]
  isoi(Issuer Signer Service)
  wallet[Wallet]
  issint--->isam
  isam--->isdb
  isoi--->isdb
  wallet--->isoi
```
# Development
## Setup

- Start application IssuerManagementApplication with local profile
  - Starts docker compose for database
  - Runs Flyway migrations if needed
- Api definitions can be found [here](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html#/)


## Configuration
The Generic Issuer Agent Management is configured using environment variables.

| Variable     | Description                                                                                     |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| EXTERNAL_URL | The URL of the Issuer Signer. This URL is used in the credential offer link sent to the Wallet  |
| ENABLE_JWT_AUTH | Enables the requirement of writing calls to the issuer management to be signed JWT |
| JWKS_ALLOWLIST | A Json Web Key set of the public keys authorized to do writing calls to the issuer management service | 

### JWT Based Authentication
If there is the need to further protect the API it is possible to enable the feature with a flag and
set the environment variables with the allowed public key as a JSON Web Key Set


    ENABLE_JWT_AUTH=true
    JWKS_ALLOWLIST={"keys":[{"kty":"EC","crv":"P-256","kid":"testkey","x":"_gHQsZT-CB_KvIfpvJsDxVSXkuwRJsuof-oMihcupQU","y":"71y_zEPAglUXBghaBxypTAzlNx57KNY9lv8LTbPkmZA"}]}

If the JWT based authentication is activated it's expected to all in calls be wrapped in a signed JWT with the claim "data".
The value of the data claim will contain the full json body of the normal request.  

Note that this is only affects writing calls.

Commit message:

Add DB connection variables to readme

README.md, after:

# Generic Issuer management service
This software is a web server implementing the technical standards as specified in the [Swiss E-ID & Trust Infrastructure technical roadmap](https://github.com/e-id-admin/open-source-community/blob/main/tech-roadmap/tech-roadmap.md). Together with the other generic components provided, this software forms a collection of APIs allowing issuance and verification of verifiable credentials without the need of reimplementing the standards.

The Generic Issuer Management Service is the interface to offer a credential. It should be only accessible from the issuers internal organization.

As with all the generic issuance & verification services it is expected that every issuer and verifier hosts their own instance of the service.

The issuer management service is linked to the issuer signer services through a database, allowing to scale the signer service independently from the management service.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
  issint[\Issuer Business System\]
  isam(Issuer Management Service)
  isdb[(Postgres)]
  isoi(Issuer Signer Service)
  wallet[Wallet]
  issint--->isam
  isam--->isdb
  isoi--->isdb
  wallet--->isoi
```
# Development
## Setup

- Start application IssuerManagementApplication with local profile
  - Starts docker compose for database
  - Runs Flyway migrations if needed
- Api definitions can be found [here](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html#/)


## Configuration
The Generic Issuer Agent Management is configured using environment variables.

| Variable     | Description                                                                                     |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| POSTGRES_USER | Username to connect to the Issuer Agent Database shared with the issuer agent managment service |
| POSTGRES_PASSWORD | Username to connect to the Issuer Agent Database |
| POSTGRES_JDBC | JDBC Connection string to the shared DB |
| EXTERNAL_URL | The URL of the Issuer Signer. This URL is used in the credential offer link sent to the Wallet  |
| ENABLE_JWT_AUTH | Enables the requirement of writing calls to the issuer management to be signed JWT |
| JWKS_ALLOWLIST | A Json Web Key set of the public keys authorized to do writing calls to the issuer management service | 

### JWT Based Authentication
If there is the need to further protect the API it is possible to enable the feature with a flag and
set the environment variables with the allowed public key as a JSON Web Key Set


    ENABLE_JWT_AUTH=true
    JWKS_ALLOWLIST={"keys":[{"kty":"EC","crv":"P-256","kid":"testkey","x":"_gHQsZT-CB_KvIfpvJsDxVSXkuwRJsuof-oMihcupQU","y":"71y_zEPAglUXBghaBxypTAzlNx57KNY9lv8LTbPkmZA"}]}

If the JWT based authentication is activated it's expected to all in calls be wrapped in a signed JWT with the claim "data".
The value of the data claim will contain the full json body of the normal request.  

Note that this is only affects writing calls.
